python/agent-framework/sample-agent/README.md, before:

# Agent Framework Sample Agent - Python

This sample demonstrates how to build an agent using Agent Framework in Python with the Microsoft Agent 365 SDK. It covers:

- **Observability**: End-to-end tracing, caching, and monitoring for agent applications
- **Notifications**: Services and models for managing user notifications
- **Tools**: Model Context Protocol tools for building advanced agent solutions
- **Hosting Patterns**: Hosting with Microsoft 365 Agents SDK

This sample uses the [Microsoft Agent 365 SDK for Python](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python).

For comprehensive documentation and guidance on building agents with the Microsoft Agent 365 SDK, including how to add tooling, observability, and notifications, visit the [Microsoft Agent 365 Developer Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/).

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- Microsoft Agent 365 SDK
- Agent Framework (agent-framework-azure-ai)
- Azure/OpenAI API credentials

## Running the Agent

To set up and test this agent, refer to the [Configure Agent Testing](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/testing?tabs=python) guide for complete instructions.

For a detailed explanation of the agent code and implementation, see the [Agent Code Walkthrough](AGENT-CODE-WALKTHROUGH.md).

## Support

For issues, questions, or feedback:

- **Issues**: Please file issues in the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python/issues) section
- **Documentation**: See the [Microsoft Agents 365 Developer documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/)
- **Security**: For security issues, please see [SECURITY.md](SECURITY.md)

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit <https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com>.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Additional Resources

- [Microsoft Agent 365 SDK - Python repository](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python)
- [Microsoft 365 Agents SDK - Python repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/Agents-for-python)
- [Agent Framework documentation](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python/tree/main/packages/agent-framework)
- [Python API documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/python/api/?view=m365-agents-sdk&preserve-view=true)

## Trademarks

*Microsoft, Windows, Microsoft Azure and/or other Microsoft products and services referenced in the documentation may be either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries. The licenses for this project do not grant you rights to use any Microsoft names, logos, or trademarks. Microsoft's general trademark guidelines can be found at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=254653.*

## License

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

Add optional Application Insights integration
- Add Application Insights SDK dependencies (opencensus-ext-azure, azure-monitor-opentelemetry)
- Implement optional telemetry configuration in agent.py with graceful fallback
- Add ENABLE_APPLICATION_INSIGHTS and APPLICATIONINSIGHTS_CONNECTION_STRING to .env.template
- Create comprehensive APPLICATION_INSIGHTS.md documentation with setup guide
- Update README.md to mention Application Insights as an optional feature
- Fix host_agent_server.py to bind to 0.0.0.0 for container compatibility

python/agent-framework/sample-agent/README.md, after:

# Agent Framework Sample Agent - Python

This sample demonstrates how to build an agent using Agent Framework in Python with the Microsoft Agent 365 SDK. It covers:

- **Observability**: End-to-end tracing, caching, and monitoring for agent applications
- **Application Insights**: Optional integration with Azure Application Insights for production monitoring
- **Notifications**: Services and models for managing user notifications
- **Tools**: Model Context Protocol tools for building advanced agent solutions
- **Hosting Patterns**: Hosting with Microsoft 365 Agents SDK

This sample uses the [Microsoft Agent 365 SDK for Python](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python).

For comprehensive documentation and guidance on building agents with the Microsoft Agent 365 SDK, including how to add tooling, observability, and notifications, visit the [Microsoft Agent 365 Developer Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/).

## Optional Features

### Application Insights Integration

This sample includes optional Application Insights integration for production monitoring and telemetry. Application Insights provides:
- Distributed tracing and performance monitoring
- Exception tracking and diagnostics
- Live metrics and real-time monitoring
- Custom metrics and events

**To enable Application Insights**, see the [Application Insights Integration Guide](APPLICATION_INSIGHTS.md) for detailed setup instructions.

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.x
- Microsoft Agent 365 SDK
- Agent Framework (agent-framework-azure-ai)
- Azure/OpenAI API credentials

## Running the Agent

To set up and test this agent, refer to the [Configure Agent Testing](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/testing?tabs=python) guide for complete instructions.

For a detailed explanation of the agent code and implementation, see the [Agent Code Walkthrough](AGENT-CODE-WALKTHROUGH.md).

## Support

For issues, questions, or feedback:

- **Issues**: Please file issues in the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python/issues) section
- **Documentation**: See the [Microsoft Agents 365 Developer documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/)
- **Security**: For security issues, please see [SECURITY.md](SECURITY.md)

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit <https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com>.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Additional Resources

- [Microsoft Agent 365 SDK - Python repository](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python)
- [Microsoft 365 Agents SDK - Python repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/Agents-for-python)
- [Agent Framework documentation](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python/tree/main/packages/agent-framework)
- [Python API documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/python/api/?view=m365-agents-sdk&preserve-view=true)

## Trademarks

*Microsoft, Windows, Microsoft Azure and/or other Microsoft products and services referenced in the documentation may be either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries. The licenses for this project do not grant you rights to use any Microsoft names, logos, or trademarks. Microsoft's general trademark guidelines can be found at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=254653.*

## License

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.
