python/claude/sample-agent/README.md, before:

# Claude Sample Agent - Python

This directory contains a sample agent implementation using Python and Anthropic's Claude Agent SDK with extended thinking capabilities. This sample demonstrates how to build an agent using the Agent365 framework with Python and Claude Agent SDK. It covers:

- **Observability**: End-to-end tracing, caching, and monitoring for agent applications
- **Notifications**: Services and models for managing user notifications
- **Tools**: Built-in Claude tools (Read, Write, WebSearch, Bash, Grep) for building advanced agent solutions
- **Hosting Patterns**: Hosting with Microsoft 365 Agents SDK

This sample uses the [Microsoft Agent 365 SDK for Python](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python).

For comprehensive documentation and guidance on building agents with the Microsoft Agent 365 SDK, including how to add tooling, observability, and notifications, visit the [Microsoft Agent 365 Developer Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/).

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.11+
- Anthropic Claude API access (API key)

## Documentation

For detailed setup and running instructions, please refer to the official documentation:

- **[Microsoft Agent 365 Developer Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/)** - Complete setup and testing guide
- **[AGENT-CODE-WALKTHROUGH.md](AGENT-CODE-WALKTHROUGH.md)** - Detailed code explanation and architecture walkthrough

## Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  Microsoft 365 Agents Playground / Client       │
└──────────────────┬──────────────────────────────┘
                   │
                   ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  host_agent_server.py                           │
│  - HTTP endpoint (/api/messages)                │
│  - Authentication middleware                    │
│  - Notification routing                         │
└──────────────────┬──────────────────────────────┘
                   │
                   ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  agent.py (ClaudeAgent)                         │
│  - Message processing                           │
│  - Notification handling                        │
│  - Claude SDK integration                       │
└──────────────────┬──────────────────────────────┘
                   │
                   ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  Claude Agent SDK                               │
│  - Extended thinking                            │
│  - Built-in tools                               │
│  - Streaming responses                          │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## Built-in Claude Tools

The Claude Agent SDK provides these tools out of the box:

- **Read**: Read files from the workspace
- **Write**: Create/modify files
- **WebSearch**: Search the web for information
- **Bash**: Execute shell commands
- **Grep**: Search file contents

## MCP Tooling Integration

This sample also supports MCP (Model Context Protocol) tools for extended capabilities like email, calendar, and other Microsoft 365 services.

### MCP Configuration

MCP servers are configured in `ToolingManifest.json`:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": [
    {
      "mcpServerName": "mcp_MailTools",
      "mcpServerUniqueName": "mcp_MailTools",
      "url": "https://agent365.svc.cloud.microsoft/agents/servers/mcp_MailTools",
      "scope": "McpServers.Mail.All",
      "audience": "ea9ffc3e-8a23-4a7d-836d-234d7c7565c1"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Environment Variables for MCP

Add these to your `.env` file:

```
# Set to Development to load MCP servers from local ToolingManifest.json
ENVIRONMENT=Development

# Set to true to use proper token exchange for MCP authentication (required for cloud MCP servers)
USE_AGENTIC_AUTH=true
```

### MCP Authentication

MCP tools require proper Azure authentication:

- **Development**: Set `ENVIRONMENT=Development` and `USE_AGENTIC_AUTH=false` with a valid `BEARER_TOKEN`
- **Production**: Uses token exchange with proper scopes via the Microsoft 365 Agents SDK

## Support

For issues, questions, or feedback:

- **Issues**: Please file issues in the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python/issues) section
- **Documentation**: See the [Microsoft Agents 365 Developer documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/)

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit <https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com>.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Resources

- [Claude Agent SDK](https://anthropic.mintlify.app/en/api/agent-sdk/overview)
- [Microsoft 365 Agents SDK](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/agents-sdk/)
- [Microsoft Agents A365 Python](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python)

## Trademarks

*Microsoft, Windows, Microsoft Azure and/or other Microsoft products and services referenced in the documentation may be either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries. The licenses for this project do not grant you rights to use any Microsoft names, logos, or trademarks. Microsoft's general trademark guidelines can be found at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=254653.*

## License

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](../../../LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

Resolved the comments from Copilot, Johan and Nikhil

python/claude/sample-agent/README.md, after:

# Claude Sample Agent - Python

This directory contains a sample agent implementation using Python and Anthropic's Claude Agent SDK with extended thinking capabilities. This sample demonstrates how to build an agent using the Agent365 framework with Python and Claude Agent SDK. It covers:

- **Observability**: End-to-end tracing, caching, and monitoring for agent applications
- **Notifications**: Services and models for managing user notifications
- **Tools**: Built-in Claude tools (Read, Write, WebSearch, Bash, Grep) for building advanced agent solutions
- **Hosting Patterns**: Hosting with Microsoft 365 Agents SDK

This sample uses the [Microsoft Agent 365 SDK for Python](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python).

For comprehensive documentation and guidance on building agents with the Microsoft Agent 365 SDK, including how to add tooling, observability, and notifications, visit the [Microsoft Agent 365 Developer Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/).

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.11+
- Anthropic Claude API access (API key)

## Documentation

For detailed setup and running instructions, please refer to the official documentation:

- **[Microsoft Agent 365 Developer Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/)** - Complete setup and testing guide
- **[AGENT-CODE-WALKTHROUGH.md](AGENT-CODE-WALKTHROUGH.md)** - Detailed code explanation and architecture walkthrough

## Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  Microsoft 365 Agents Playground / Client       │
└──────────────────┬──────────────────────────────┘
                   │
                   ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  host_agent_server.py                           │
│  - HTTP endpoint (/api/messages)                │
│  - Authentication middleware                    │
│  - Notification routing                         │
└──────────────────┬──────────────────────────────┘
                   │
                   ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  agent.py (ClaudeAgent)                         │
│  - Message processing                           │
│  - Notification handling                        │
│  - Claude SDK integration                       │
└──────────────────┬──────────────────────────────┘
                   │
                   ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  Claude Agent SDK                               │
│  - Extended thinking                            │
│  - Built-in tools                               │
│  - Streaming responses                          │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## Built-in Claude Tools

The Claude Agent SDK provides these tools out of the box:

- **Read**: Read files from the workspace
- **Write**: Create/modify files
- **WebSearch**: Search the web for information
- **Bash**: Execute shell commands
- **Grep**: Search file contents

## MCP Tooling Integration

This sample also supports MCP (Model Context Protocol) tools for extended capabilities like email, calendar, and other Microsoft 365 services.

### MCP Configuration

MCP servers are configured in `ToolingManifest.json`:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": [
    {
      "mcpServerName": "mcp_MailTools",
      "mcpServerUniqueName": "mcp_MailTools",
      "url": "https://agent365.svc.cloud.microsoft/agents/servers/mcp_MailTools",
      "scope": "McpServers.Mail.All",
      "audience": "ea9ffc3e-8a23-4a7d-836d-234d7c7565c1"
    }
  ]
}
```

### Environment Variables for MCP

Add these to your `.env` file:

```
# Optional environment label used by local tooling
ENVIRONMENT=Development

# Set to true to use proper token exchange for MCP authentication (required for cloud MCP servers)
USE_AGENTIC_AUTH=true
```

Notes:
- MCP server discovery first attempts SDK-based discovery. If no servers are returned, the agent falls back to `ToolingManifest.json` regardless of `ENVIRONMENT`.

### MCP Authentication

MCP tools require proper Azure authentication:

- **Development**: Set `USE_AGENTIC_AUTH=false` with a valid `BEARER_TOKEN` for local testing
- **Production**: Uses token exchange with proper scopes via the Microsoft 365 Agents SDK

## Support

For issues, questions, or feedback:

- **Issues**: Please file issues in the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python/issues) section
- **Documentation**: See the [Microsoft Agents 365 Developer documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/)

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit <https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com>.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Resources

- [Claude Agent SDK](https://anthropic.mintlify.app/en/api/agent-sdk/overview)
- [Microsoft 365 Agents SDK](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/agents-sdk/)
- [Microsoft Agents A365 Python](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-python)

## Trademarks

*Microsoft, Windows, Microsoft Azure and/or other Microsoft products and services referenced in the documentation may be either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries. The licenses for this project do not grant you rights to use any Microsoft names, logos, or trademarks. Microsoft's general trademark guidelines can be found at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=254653.*

## License

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](../../../LICENSE.md) file for details.
