nodejs/devin/sample-agent/README.md, before:

# Devin Sample Agent - Node.js

This sample demonstrates how to build an agent using Devin in Node.js with the Microsoft Agent 365 SDK. It covers:

- **Observability**: End-to-end tracing, caching, and monitoring for agent applications
- **Notifications**: Services and models for managing user notifications
- **Tools**: Model Context Protocol tools for building advanced agent solutions
- **Hosting Patterns**: Hosting with Microsoft 365 Agents SDK

This sample uses the [Microsoft Agent 365 SDK for Node.js](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-nodejs).

For comprehensive documentation and guidance on building agents with the Microsoft Agent 365 SDK, including how to add tooling, observability, and notifications, visit the [Microsoft Agent 365 Developer Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/).

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 18.x or higher
- Microsoft Agent 365 SDK
- Devin API credentials

## Running the Agent

To set up and test this agent, refer to the [Configure Agent Testing](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/testing?tabs=nodejs) guide for complete instructions.

## Support

For issues, questions, or feedback:

- **Issues**: Please file issues in the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-nodejs/issues) section
- **Documentation**: See the [Microsoft Agents 365 Developer documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/)
- **Security**: For security issues, please see [SECURITY.md](SECURITY.md)

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit <https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com>.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Additional Resources

- [Microsoft Agent 365 SDK - Node.js repository](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-nodejs)
- [Microsoft 365 Agents SDK - Node.js repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/Agents-for-js)
- [Devin API documentation](https://docs.devin.ai/)
- [Node.js API documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/javascript/api/?view=m365-agents-sdk&preserve-view=true)

## Trademarks

*Microsoft, Windows, Microsoft Azure and/or other Microsoft products and services referenced in the documentation may be either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries. The licenses for this project do not grant you rights to use any Microsoft names, logos, or trademarks. Microsoft's general trademark guidelines can be found at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=254653.*

## License

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

Add Devin Agent's manifest sample (#52)
* move agent types to its own file

* add new section on "deploying the agent" to devin agent's readme

* add manifest sample to devin agent

* add copyright header

nodejs/devin/sample-agent/README.md, after:

# Devin Sample Agent - Node.js

This sample demonstrates how to build an agent using Devin in Node.js with the Microsoft Agent 365 SDK. It covers:

- **Observability**: End-to-end tracing, caching, and monitoring for agent applications
- **Notifications**: Services and models for managing user notifications
- **Tools**: Model Context Protocol tools for building advanced agent solutions
- **Hosting Patterns**: Hosting with Microsoft 365 Agents SDK

This sample uses the [Microsoft Agent 365 SDK for Node.js](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-nodejs).

For comprehensive documentation and guidance on building agents with the Microsoft Agent 365 SDK, including how to add tooling, observability, and notifications, visit the [Microsoft Agent 365 Developer Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/).

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 24.x or higher
- Microsoft Agent 365 SDK
- Devin API credentials

## Running the Agent

To set up and test this agent, refer to the [Configure Agent Testing](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/testing?tabs=nodejs) guide for complete instructions.

## Deploying the Agent

Refer to the [Deploy and publish agents](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/publish-deploy-agent?tabs=nodejs) guide for complete instructions.

## Support

For issues, questions, or feedback:

- **Issues**: Please file issues in the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-nodejs/issues) section
- **Documentation**: See the [Microsoft Agents 365 Developer documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-agent-365/developer/)
- **Security**: For security issues, please see [SECURITY.md](SECURITY.md)

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions. Most contributions require you to agree to a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit <https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com>.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Additional Resources

- [Microsoft Agent 365 SDK - Node.js repository](https://github.com/microsoft/Agent365-nodejs)
- [Microsoft 365 Agents SDK - Node.js repository](https://github.com/Microsoft/Agents-for-js)
- [Devin API documentation](https://docs.devin.ai/)
- [Node.js API documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/javascript/api/?view=m365-agents-sdk&preserve-view=true)

## Trademarks

*Microsoft, Windows, Microsoft Azure and/or other Microsoft products and services referenced in the documentation may be either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries. The licenses for this project do not grant you rights to use any Microsoft names, logos, or trademarks. Microsoft's general trademark guidelines can be found at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=254653.*

## License

Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.
